Add WebAssembly page. (#6738)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/concepts/wasm/index.md

> ---

Reviewer: Throughout this document, we're referring to extensions as "plugins", "extensions" and "filters". We really need to pick one and stick to it.

Author: Tried to clean that up.  PTAL

> ---

Reviewer 2: Lets link to other community resources

Reviewer: Done, PTAL.

title: WebAssembly (Wasm) Plugins
description: Describes Istio's WebAssembly Plugin system.
weight: 25
keywords: [wasm,webassembly,emscripten,extension,plugin,filter]
---

> WebAssembly is a sandboxing technology which can be used to extend the Istio proxy (Envoy).  Going forward Istio extensions will be written as proxy-Wasm plugins using the WebAssembly (Wasm) sandbox API. Mixer will be eliminated from the Istio architecture and all Mixer adapters must be eventually rewritten as proxy plugins.  

Reviewer 3: last sentence ends in proxy plugin. Should it be proxy-Wasm plugin?

Reviewer 4: Can we add a small paragraph before this? "What is WebAssembly?" with a link to webassembly.org or some other authoritative source.

> WebAssembly is a sandboxing technology which can be used to extend the Istio proxy (Envoy).  Going forward Istio extensions will be written as proxy-Wasm plugins using the WebAssembly (Wasm) sandbox API. Mixer will be eliminated from the Istio architecture and all Mixer adapters must be eventually rewritten as proxy plugins.  

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
WebAssembly is a sandboxing technology which can be used to extend the Istio proxy (Envoy).  The Proxy-Wasm sandbox API replaces Mixer as the primary extension mechanism in Istio. Istio 1.6 will provide a uniform configuration API for Proxy-Wasm plugins.
```

> WebAssembly is a sandboxing technology which can be used to extend the Istio proxy (Envoy).  Going forward Istio extensions will be written as Envoy proxy plugins using the WebAssembly (Wasm) sandbox API. Mixer will be eliminated from the Istio architecture and all Mixer adapters must be eventually rewritten as proxy plugins.  

Reviewer: `s/Envoy proxy plugins/Proxy-Wasm plugins/`

Author: Done.

> WebAseembly sandbox Goal:

Reviewer: `s/Goal/goals/`

Author: Done.

- **Efficiency** - An extension adds low latency, CPU, and memory overhead. 
- **Function** - An extension can enforce policy, collect telemetry, and perform payload mutations.

> - **Isolation** - A programming error or crash in an extension does affect other plugin.

Reviewer 5: s/plugin/extensions/

- **Configuration** - The extensions are configured using an API that is consistent with other Isio APIs. An extension can be configured dynamically.
- **Operator** - An extension can be canaried and deployed as log-only, fail-open or fail-close.
- **Extension developer** - The extensions can be written in several programming languages.

This [video talk](https://youtu.be/XdWmm_mtVXI) is an introduction about architecture of WebAssembly integration.

## High-level architecture

Istio extensions have several components:

> - **Filter SPI** for building filters

Reviewer: SPI?

Author: That was something that mandar had in his doc.  not sure.... @mandarjog

Reviewer 4: it’s Service Provider Interface.

You implement an SPI and use an API.
If the name bothers you we can just use API everywhere.

Author: Added alliteration.

> - **Sandbox** V8 embedded in Envoy

Reviewer: `s/V8/V8 Wasm Runtime/`

Author: Done.

- **Host APIs** for headers, trailers and metadata

- **Call out APIs** for gRPC and HTTP calls

- **Stats and Logging APIs** for metrics and monitoring

{{< image width="80%" link="./extending.svg" caption="Extending Istio/Envoy" >}}

## Example

> An example C++ Wasm proxy-Wasm plugin for a filter can be found

Reviewer 3: Is the extra `Wasm` supposed to be here?

---

> title: WebAssembly (Wasm) Plugins

Reviewer 2: WASM isn't a concept - its a technology.

The 'concept' here is 'Extensibility' can we retitle ?
